S1: Forest

Bash: Hello, my name is Bash Mustard. I'm an adventurer, and I like to explore far away lands such as these. I seem to have made a wrong turn; I was trying to go to streamercity but I ended up here. I wonder what this place is about.

Bash meets a new creature.

Bash: Woah! Who are you!

Brr: Ho ho! Don't you know! I am Brr Brr Patapim, a good friend of a blue frog named Slim.

Bash: I don't know Slim... I don't even know where I am!

Brr: Don't worry friend, for my hand I can lend. We are in Brainrotia, where everything is named after an onomatepia!

Bash: Are you going to rhyme every word...

Brr: Quick! There's not much time to waste! We must seek shelter at haste!

Bash: Slow down. What do you mean by that?

Brr: Tung Tung Sahur is a mean one. There is a lot of bad he has done. He has taken to fighting us until there is non.

Bash: I need to get out of here then!

Brr: You'll need a guide if you want to get through. But then again that is only up to you!

C1

---- C1: Choose No

Bash: I'll be good, thanks.

Brr: You'll need vast experience if you want to make it. Surely your hubris isn't making you fake it.

Bash: Nah... I'm about 6 or 7 months old. I think I can make it myself!


S2: Beach

Bash meets a new creature. 

Bash: Woah...

Tralalero: Do you think I'm a freak?

Bash: What?

Tralalero: Nobody likes me. My whole life I've been tossed aside, especially Tung Tung Sahur let go of me.

Bash: !!

Tralalero: Relax. I'm not a threat. 

Bash: What happened between you and Tung Tung Sahur?

Tralalero: He was there for me at my lowest, and he got me on my feet. Next thing you know, he has me doing small crimes for him and it just got too crazy. One day, he wanted me to go pop Boneca Ambalabu!

Bash: Oh man. Thats a tough break. 

Tralalero: I'm so tired of hiding from him. It's time to face my destiny.

Bash and Tralalero meet a new character.

Trippi: Tung Tung Sahur sends his regards!

Tralalero dodges the sudden attack!

Bash: What is your problem!

Trippi: You're not a part of the deal. Get out of here before I destroy you like I did to my copycat version. He sleeps with the fishes now.

C2

-- C2: Choose to help fight

Bash tries to help Tralalero.

Tralalero: Save yourself!

Trippi blares an ion beam at Tralalero, eviscerating him instantly. Bash loses the will to fight and runs south quickly.

-- C2: Choose to run

Tralalero: It was good to talk to someone who understood me. Make sure I'm remembered...

Bash eyes well up as he runs away. Tralalero tries to block the attack from Trippi but succumbs to injury.

C2 End

S3: Village

Bash finds Brr at the village.

Brr: Are you OK traveler? I sense that you met a foe of a higher caliber.

Bash: I realize that I do need help getting out of here. But first we need to end this pain.

C1 End


---- C1: Choose yes

Bash: Ok Brr Brr Patapim. I will folow you.

S4: Desert

Bash and Brr meet a new character.

Brr: Oh how long has it been. Admittedly, you used to be thin!

Lirili: Hello Brr Brr Patapim. It has been a while, that is for sure. What is this thing next to you?

Brr: He is Bash Mustard, he is a traveler from a city made of custard. He can talk, but he's just a bit flustered. 

Bash: No, I'm not flustered!

Lirili: What is the purpose of this visit?

Brr: Our friend here needs help going home. He can't remember from off the dome.

Lirili: I will see what I can manage.

The three meet a new character

Bombardiro: Hahaha! I'm back for round two baby!

Lirili: You reptilian menace. You came for revenge when I least expect it. This is a low blow.

Bombardro: Do you think I care who these people are? You should suffer their loss as well because I wont. HAHAHA!

Lirili: You guys need to run south now! All of the lands will be hunted shortly. Seek shelter at the Village.

Brr: I wish it didn't end like this...

C3

-- Choose C3: choose to fight

Bash: And it doesn't have to!

Lirili: You fool! 

Bombardiro drops the bomb over everyones head. Lirili sprints towards it

Lirili uses its clock to stop time. The effects are localized at the bomb, but he froze himself as well. Lirili is trapped and has no way to escape...

Brr: We must run, or else we will be done!

Bash and Brr run south.

-- Choose C3: choose to run

Bash: I won't let you down...

Lirili: I'm sorry it had to end this way, Brr. 

Brr: We will remember you, that you didn't surrender too.

Bombardiro drops the bomb over Lirili's head.

Lirili uses its clock to stop time. The effects are localized at the bomb, but he froze itself as well. Lirili is trapped and has no way to escape...

Bash and Brr run south.

C3 End

S3: Village

Brr: We made it..

Bash: There is an ominous feeling from this place...

C1 End

Bash and Brr get dizzy and fall to the ground.

Bash and Brr wake up to find themselves tied up.

Tung: Well wakey-wakey! How was your nap!

Bash: Oh no! Are you...

Tung: Yes I am. Tung Tung Sahur. Nice to meet you. 

Brr: You are a monster! Let us go, you have us tied like the claws of a lobster!

Tung: Well, Brr Brr Patapim. I have some news for you, I wont let you go that easy. The newcomer can leave, but he has to take a life with him

Bash: What do you mean.

Tung: Behold! The henchmen who are worthless at their jobs!

Bombardiro and Trippi: Help! Get me out!

Tung: Quiet down now. So, the deal is you have to choose one of them and I'll make sure they are sent to their creator. Then I'll untie you and keep the other as my prisoner. Sounds good right?

C4 

----C4: Choose Trippi

Bash chooses Trippi with great anguish.

Tung: Smart choice. I always prefered the bear version over him...

Tung takes care of Trippi Troppi.

A jet flys overhead.

Bombardiro: Bombombini Gusini!

Bombombini: I'm not letting you get away with this! I'm ending this!

Tung: Nooo!!! This isn't how this is supposed to go!

Bombombini drops a bomb on Tung Tung Sahur. There is a great deal of destruction, but Brr Brr Patapim, Bash, and Bombardiro Crocodrillo remain untouched. Bombombini unties everyone.

Bombardiro: Bro, I'm sorry for everything. I'm gonna miss Trippi Troppi too.

Bombombini: You are my brother, and I forgive you. Trippi was misguided too. You don't have to worry about him anymore...

S5: Funeral site

All of the characters left reminisce on past events. Lirili Larila, Trippi Troppi, and Tralalero Tralala lie peacefully.

The End. 

C4 Trippi End

----C4: Choose Bombardiro 

C4 Bomardiro End

Bash chooses Bombardiro Crocodrillo with great anguish.

Tung: Good choice. I've been meaning to get to him and his meddling brother. Now I have an excuse!

Tung takes care of Bombardiro Crocodrillo.

Bombombini: I'm not letting you get away with this! I'm ending this!

Tung: Nooo!!! This isn't how this is supposed to go!

Bombombini drops a bomb on Tung Tung Sahur. There is a great deal of destruction, but Brr Brr Patapim, Bash, and Trippi Troppi remain untouched. Bombombini unties everyone.

Trippi: How did things go so wrong...

Bombombini: What's done is done. I hope my bro was in peace in his last moments. I wish I was there in time. We won't have to worry about him anymore...

S5: Funeral site

All of the characters left reminisce on past events. Lirili Larila, Bombardiro Crocodrillo, and Tralalero Tralala lie peacefully.

The End. 

